Update Readme.md (#4)
DevExpress-Examples/out-of-maintenance-winforms-merge-grid-cells-horizontally: Readme.md

[![](https://img.shields.io/badge/Open_in_DevExpress_Support_Center-FF7200?style=flat-square&logo=DevExpress&logoColor=white)](https://supportcenter.devexpress.com/ticket/details/E2472)
[![](https://img.shields.io/badge/📖_How_to_use_DevExpress_Examples-e9f6fc?style=flat-square)](https://docs.devexpress.com/GeneralInformation/403183)
<!-- default badges end -->

# OBSOLETE: Windows Forms - How to merge cells horizontally in a grid UI

> We recommend that you use [Windows Forms Spreadsheet](https://documentation.devexpress.com/windowsforms/12063/controls-and-libraries/spreadsheet) if you need a grid UI with the built-in cell merging feature. See the following topic for more information: [How to: Merge Cells or Split Merged Cells](https://documentation.devexpress.com/windowsforms/15416/controls-and-libraries/spreadsheet/examples/cells/how-to-merge-cells-or-split-merged-cells).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We recommend that you use the [WinForms Spreadsheet](https://documentation.devexpress.com/windowsforms/12063/controls-and-libraries/spreadsheet) control if you need a grid UI with the built-in cell merge feature. See the following topic for more information: [How to: Merge Cells or Split Merged Cells](https://documentation.devexpress.com/windowsforms/15416/controls-and-libraries/spreadsheet/examples/cells/how-to-merge-cells-or-split-merged-cells).
```

> The [GridControl](https://docs.devexpress.com/WindowsForms/3455/controls-and-libraries/data-grid) does not allow you to merge cells horizontally starting with version 17.1. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The [GridControl](https://docs.devexpress.com/WindowsForms/3455/controls-and-libraries/data-grid) does not allow you to merge cells horizontally in v17.1 and higher.
```

## Documentation

> - [Windows Forms Spreadsheet](https://documentation.devexpress.com/windowsforms/12063/controls-and-libraries/spreadsheet)

Reviewer: Can we change this title to the actual topic title?

```suggestion
- [WinForms Spreadsheet](https://documentation.devexpress.com/windowsforms/12063/controls-and-libraries/spreadsheet)
```
